The forest is growing small
The birds are singing in the forest
The sound of the song is heard
From the east to the west
The boat is stuck in the car
The north will love the mark
My heart will thank the world
I brought this century of glory
If you can students,
make music
...
Ah urgently coming Jesus
them comebackוהthis scarlet cover
I thought
I'm not even sick
My voice went e'erway
without me noticing
If you leave behind this army's
What would I think if I always had one?
Then don't you keep asking questions like these,
and when you ask I'll disappear,
Me...
No strangers on this earth
but to earn my livelihood
is my afterward duty
It manufacturers me
our relationship
As I do hair
In their;;
S motherfucker